chore(OSC-1277): Replace Batch Processor references with Exporter Batching in collector configuration examples (#6777)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/data-source-configurations/additional-configurations-reference.md

        - otlp
      processors:
        - memory_limiter
      exporters:
        - sumologic
```

## Using Exporter Batching to batch data

> The [Exporter Batching][exporterbatching] can be utilized to convert the processed data into batches that are larger than a specified size or time interval. This can aid in compressing the data more effectively and minimizing the number of requests sent by the exporters.

Reviewer: nit: Put the upstream URL that describes the removal of batch processor. Some customer might come back asking for us to persist the batch processor rather then removing it.

It is highly recommended to use this configuration in every pipeline. It should be defined under individual exporters.

In addition to setting a lower batch size, it is also possible to set a maximal batch size.

We highly recommend setting that limit to avoid sudden increases in request sizes in case more data is temporarily received. The value we recommend to set is `2 * min_size`.

Overall, we recommend the following default configuration for this processor.

```yaml
exporters:
  sumologic:
    metric_format: prometheus
    sending_queue:
      queue_size: 1024000
      batch:
        flush_timeout: 1s
        min_size: 1024
        max_size: 2048 ## = 2 * 1024
```

:::note
If you are utilizing the [Sumo Logic exporter][sumologicexporter] to send data in a format **other than** OTLP, it is possible to explicitly restrict the size of the requests in bytes by utilizing the configuration option `max_request_body_size`.
:::

Learn more about these processors:

> * [exporterbatching]

Reviewer: Better to create a separate `Learn more above these exporter` section since exporterbatching is not really a processor.

        - otlp
      processors:
        - memory_limiter
      exporters:
        - sumologic
```

## Using Exporter Batching to batch data

The [Exporter Batching][exporterbatching] can be utilized to convert the processed data into batches that are larger than a specified size or time interval. This can aid in compressing the data more effectively and minimizing the number of requests sent by the exporters.

It is highly recommended to use this configuration in every pipeline. It should be defined under individual exporters.

In addition to setting a lower batch size, it is also possible to set a maximal batch size.

We highly recommend setting that limit to avoid sudden increases in request sizes in case more data is temporarily received. The value we recommend to set is `2 * min_size`.

Overall, we recommend the following default configuration for this processor.

```yaml
exporters:
  sumologic:
    metric_format: prometheus
    sending_queue:
      queue_size: 1024000
      batch:
        flush_timeout: 1s
        min_size: 1024
        max_size: 2048 ## = 2 * 1024
```

:::note

> The [Batch processor][batchprocessor] from upstream is in plan for deprecation over the exporter batching. [Ref](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/15273)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Batch processor][batchprocessor] from upstream is planned for deprecation in favor of exporter-level batching. [Ref](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/pull/15273)
```

:::

:::note
If you are utilizing the [Sumo Logic exporter][sumologicexporter] to send data in a format **other than** OTLP, it is possible to explicitly restrict the size of the requests in bytes by utilizing the configuration option `max_request_body_size`.
:::

Learn more about these processors:
* [memorylimiterprocessor]
* [filterprocessor]

> Learn more above these exporters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about these exporters
```
